Clarify user time zone sources and precedence (#10769)
mendix/docs: content/en/docs/refguide/runtime/date-and-time-handling/_index.md

## Introduction

> The Mendix Server operations use the time zone of the end-user instead of the server time zone, where possible. This ensures that operations like generating documents, exporting to Excel/CSV, and date computations in microflows/OQL do not contain unexpected results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Mendix Server operations use the time zone of the end-user instead of the server time zone, where possible. This ensures that operations like generating documents, exporting to Excel/CSV, and date computations in microflows/OQL do not produce unexpected results.
```

## Relevant Time Zones

There are three time zones that come into play in a Mendix application:

1. User/client – The time zone where the client is running. This is used for presenting dates and times to the end-user. The time zone is now (optionally) stored with each end-user to properly deal with daylight saving time (DST). If the time zone is not set, DST is not applied.

> 2. Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) – The platform stores all dates in UTC. This is a time standard that is often used in servers to provide an unambiguous date format. It does not change with DST. Every time a date or time is presented to the end-user it is localized to the time zone of the client unless specified differently.

Reviewer: UTC does not only not change with DST, it does not change depending on where you are on the globe!

```suggestion
2. Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) – The platform stores all dates in UTC. This is a time standard that is often used in servers to provide an unambiguous date format. It does not change with DST, nor with where you are in the world. Every time a date or time is presented to the end-user it is localized to the time zone of the client unless specified differently.
```

The `System` module contains the entity `TimeZone` which has an association with the `User` entity. `TimeZone` has three attributes: a code (based on the[ Olson database](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tz_database)), a description suitable for showing to the end-user (for example "(GMT-05:00) New York") and a raw offset that is using for sorting the list of time zones.

In the `Administration` module, the `Account_NewEdit` page adds a time zone selector to set the time zone of the end-user. By default, the `MyAccount` page does not have this selector. It is the administrator's task to correctly set the time zone. You can add it yourself if you want your end-users to be able to set their time zone.

Studio Pro adds a setting to the **App Settings** dialog box. On the **Runtime** tab you can specify a **Default time zone**. This time zone is used for new end-users, but it is also applied to all end-users that do not have a time zone yet when starting your application.

> ## Existing App

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configuring Your App
```

> To make use of the date/time handling you have to take some action after converting your existing app. Those actions depend on the type of the app: single time zone or multiple time zone. In a single time zone app all end-users are in the time zone or they are at least willing to use the same time zone. The time zone of the server is not important, so an app is still single time zone if all end-users are in the Netherlands but the server is in England. Multiple time zone apps have end-users in different time zones. Let us see what you need to do in each case.

Reviewer: All this section is about converting an existing app (which I think was written prior to Mendix 8). I think we should update it a bit?

```suggestion
To make use of the date/time handling you have to take some action when configuring your app. Those actions depend on the type of the app: single time zone or multiple time zone. In a single time zone app all end-users are in the time zone or they are at least willing to use the same time zone. The time zone of the server is not important, so an app is still single time zone if all end-users are in the Netherlands but the server is in England. Multiple time zone apps have end-users in different time zones. Let us see what you need to do in each case.
```

### Single Time Zone App

> If you do nothing in a single time zone app where the server is also in that time zone the date and time used for server operations depends on what the browser can report. End-users will not have a time zone and the server will use the time zone identifier reported by the browser when available, or otherwise the current offset from UTC. When only the offset is available, DST will not be taken into account. In practice this means that dates and times during daylight savings, including past and future dates, are one hour off.

Reviewer: I think there is some old text left in here?

```suggestion
If you do nothing in a single time zone app where the server is also in that time zone the date and time used for server operations depends on what the browser can report. The server will use the time zone identifier reported by the end-user's browser when available, or otherwise the current offset from UTC. When only the offset is available, DST will not be taken into account. In practice this means that dates and times during daylight savings, including past and future dates, are one hour off.
```
